Release V1.2 - international release (#389)
OWASP/owasp-masvs: tools/RECENT_CHANGES.TXT

# V1.2 International Release

With a little bit of delay we are happy to present version 1.2 of the MASVS!
Changes:
- Created international version of V1.2: the MASVS is now translated into German, Spanish, French, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Simplified Chinese, and Traditional Chinese.

> - New buildsystem and release-system based on Github Actions and Docker containers resulting in better looking PDFS, Mobi, Epubs and Docx documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New build and release systems based on Github Actions and Docker containers resulting in better looking PDF, Mobi, Epub and Docx documents.
```
